Psalm 113 praise the Lord praise o
servants of the Lord praise the name of
the Lord blessed be the name of the Lord
from this time forth and forevermore
from the rising of the Sun to its going
down the Lord's name is to be praised
the Lord is high above all nations his
glory above the heavens who is like the
Lord our God who dwells on high who
humbles himself to behold the things
that are in the heavens and in the earth
he raises the poor out of the dust and
lifts the needy out of the ash heap that
he may seed him with Prince's with the
princes of his people he grants the
barren woman a home like a joyful mother
of children praise the Lord